Docs copyedits: README.md + CONTRIBUTING.md (#2242)
cdr/code-server: doc/CONTRIBUTING.md

> <!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

Reviewer: People may be using this path actively in links and whatnot and us moving it will break.

I think we should just keep it as is.

<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
# Contributing

> - [Contributing](#contributing)

Reviewer: Use `yarn fmt` to format this, it'll prevent the extra nesting.

- [Build](#build)
- [Structure](#structure)
  - [VS Code Patch](#vs-code-patch)

>   - [Currently Known Issues](#currently-known-issues)

Reviewer: I like this!

yarn release
```

And `release-packages.sh` is equal to:

```shell
yarn release:standalone
yarn test:standalone-release
yarn package
```

For a faster release build, you can run instead:

```shell
KEEP_MODULES=1 ./ci/steps/release.sh
node ./release
```

## Structure

The `code-server` script serves an HTTP API for login and starting a remote VS Code process.

The CLI code is in [./src/node](./src/node) and the HTTP routes are implemented in
[./src/node/app](./src/node/app).

Most of the meaty parts are in the VS Code patch, which we described next.

### VS Code Patch

In v1 of code-server, we had a patch of VS Code that split the codebase into a front-end
and a server. The front-end consisted of all UI code, while the server ran the extensions
and exposed an API to the front-end for file access and all UI needs.

Over time, Microsoft added support to VS Code to run it on the web. They have made
the front-end open source, but not the server. As such, code-server v2 (and later) uses

> the VS Code front-end and fills in with the server. You can find this in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the VS Code front-end and implements the server. You can find this in
```

[./ci/dev/vscode.patch](../ci/dev/vscode.patch) under the path `src/vs/server`.

Other notable changes in our patch include:

> - Adding our build file, which includes our code and VS Code's web code

Reviewer: Appreciate the grammar fixes here.

- Allowing multiple extension directories (both user and built-in)
- Modifying the loader, websocket, webview, service worker, and asset requests to
  use the URL of the page as a base (and TLS, if necessary for the websocket)
- Sending client-side telemetry through the server
- Allowing modification of the display language
- Making it possible for us to load code on the client
- Making extensions work in the browser
- Making it possible to install extensions of any kind
- Fixing issue with getting disconnected when your machine sleeps or hibernates
- Adding connection type to web socket query parameters

As the web portion of VS Code matures, we'll be able to shrink and possibly

> eliminate our patch. In the meantime, upgrading the VS Code version requires us to ensure that the patch is applied and works as intended. In the future, we'd like to run VS

Reviewer: This line needs to be wrapped shorter.
